Everyone.
Welcome to the follow problem of the tiling problem.
Let's call it tiling problem soup.
Well, it's just another variation of it and.
It's man, it's self-made basically in this.
What is the new trick?
Well, of course, you cross in to fill all the growth in and the.
The new thing here is that I have added a new title.
This is a new day.
The first one is one cross to the second Ellis to Grossman and the third Ellis to cross to.
That means I can fill all of this by using one.
Well, now let's see how to do this.
Before that, I would suggest you do pause the video.
Think about it yourself.
I'd.
The thing about how I think about the solution that I told you earlier, the approach to fill one column
only is a number of ways of filling one column and then figure out the next.
So the first part is very clear.
If I was part, if I place.
You cross one daily, like vertically.
Basically we have already seen the data.
It is because we have employed having to go through often minus one.
The first part.
The second part is very simple.
Again, if I place two days horizontally, which is F in minus two.
Now what about.
Filling the first column with the third type.
Let me quickly write this out.
One grows two tiles horizontally.
So this is the solar and is it this one?
Now, I have deterred that.
How can I use the turtle to fill the first column immediately by placing their tailgate?
If I place the third Tyler.
Which is the complete.
Then what do I have?
If this wasn't, then if this was f.n, then this is.
F and minus you again.
Eight.
So what I ultimately do, I simply say a little bit.
Even managed to.
This is the third approach by placing a two cross to tell.
You just remember, just fill the first column completely.
You get all the different number of ways of filling the first column completely, and you will find
out eight.
And so what I have got it is it goes to F in sorry, f and minus one less doing different minus two.
I hope the second part of the problem is very clear.
They will just fill the first column with different number of is eight and then figure out the recursive
operation.
And the next problem that is telling problem three.
And it is so interesting that it's it's very interesting.
And if you solve the problem, then you will have to solve a follow a problem of that problem that I'll
tell you after the accident.
Well, so let's start Linux problem.
I'm actually excited to solve the next problem I think you.